Clarify that you cannot import events from a different Indico instance (#5653)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

- Add button to adapt column widths in paper & contribution lists (:pr:`5642`)
- Add event language settings to set default and additional languages (:issue:`5606`,
  :pr:`5607`, thanks :user:`vasantvohra`)

> - Fail nicely when trying to import from external Indico instance (:issue:`5619`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fail nicely when trying to import an event from another Indico instance (:issue:`5619`,
```

sounds a bit better IMO
